
The code you gave me is a C program that deletes an element from an array. The program first asks the user to enter 6 integers into the array. Then, the program prints the values of the array.

The program then asks the user to choose an option. The user can choose to delete a number from the array or exit the program. If the user chooses to delete a number, the program asks the user to enter the number to be deleted. The program then deletes the number from the array and prints the new values of the array.

The program uses the following functions:

printArray(): This function prints the values of an array.
deleteNumber(): This function deletes a number from an array.
The printArray() function works as follows:

The function takes an array as input.
The function iterates through the array and prints each element on a new line.
The deleteNumber() function works as follows:

The function takes an array and a number as input.
The function iterates through the array and finds the first occurrence of the number.
If the number is found, the function shifts all the elements after the number one position to the left.
The function then sets the last element of the array to 0.
I hope this explanation is helpful. Let me know if you have any other questions.

Here are some additional comments on your code:

You are using a global array arr. This is not a good practice, as it makes the code less modular and less reusable. It is better to define the array locally within each function.
You are using the scanf() function to read input from the user. This function is not very secure, as it does not check for input errors. It is better to use the fgets() function to read input from the user.
You are not using any comments in your code. This makes the code less readable and less maintainable. It is good practice to add comments to your code to explain what the code does and why it does it.
Overall, your code is a good start. However, there are some improvements that can be made to make it more efficient and secure.